Introduce Platform Qualification page in the PlatformDeveloperGuide (#121)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/platformQualification.rst

.. _platform_qualification:

======================
Platform Qualification
======================

Introduction
============

Platform Qualification is the process of validating implementations of
:ref:`Low Level APIs <low_level_api>` provided by a Platform connected to a custom Board Support Package.

Such validation is performed by running tests at two-levels:

- In C, by calling Low Level APIs (usually manually).
- In Java, by calling Foundation Library APIs (usually automatically using :ref:`platform_testsuite`).

MicroEJ provides a set of tools and pre-defined projects aimed at simplifying the steps 

> for validating Foundation Libraries. Please refer to https://github.com/MicroEJ/PlatformQualificationTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for validating Platforms. Please refer to https://github.com/MicroEJ/PlatformQualificationTools.
```
